Remove "simple" part 6: javascript (#36777)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/text_formatting/index.md

### String literals

> You can create basic strings using either single or double quotes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can declare strings in source code using either single or double quotes:
```

#### Unicode code point escapes

> With Unicode code point escapes, any character can be escaped using hexadecimal numbers so that it is possible to use Unicode code points up to `0x10FFFF`. With Unicode escapes it is often necessary to write the surrogate halves separately to achieve the same result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Unicode code point escapes, any character can be escaped using hexadecimal numbers so that it is possible to use Unicode code points up to `0x10FFFF`. With the four-digit Unicode escapes it is often necessary to write the surrogate halves separately to achieve the same result.
```
